# BMAT Music Assignment Test

This is an Angular App generated by Angular CLI and using some tools like Angular Material, Angular Flex Layout and RxJS.

I have not used any state management tool because the app is quite small and I do not see much benefit of using it. If this would be a larger app or plan to work on it for longer time, probably some improvements would be applied like lazy loading modules, state management strategies, isolating the parser more like a library, adding tests and so on.

## Question - Describe why you choose this layout?

I have used this layout because I consider that the user working with the tool would like to have a large table where seeing all the data at once and working with it without cutting much information and space enough to do some searches and have a clean view.

I prioritized the matcher table where the user will match the sound recording by either automatic matching, searching the DB or adding a new registry.

User can see DB Sound Recording from the other view and filter on it. But it is not necessary to leave the matcher table to search the DB so it decreases the hassle of switching views.

## Question - What would you do to improve the UX

In my opinion the UX of this app is quite decent, I would need to collect more information about the business and the user needs to be more accurate on covering the needs and the glitches found on other tools they might have used before.

I think that forcing the user to go row by row is not the best, because maybe some rows are easier to match and people might get more work done quicker on the easy ones and then with a cleaner/shorter data source put more effort on the matching/searching.

So the autocomplete field gives the user the ability to either choose on the auto-matched sound recordings, do a new search or add a new registry using the row data, all in once small portion of the app. Might be a bit tricky at first but I think it might boost productivity over time.

## Matcher usage

First, the app would pase the CVS files on application initialization, not allowing the app to render till the data is ready.

Once data is ready, matcher tabla is shown and user can directly start working on it.

Auto matches are preset on the autocomplete filters, that way the user can just click on the field and see the matching. The input label shows a different text if there was an auto match happening. A button to remove the match is displayed besides.

Button for saving the match is disabled until a matching is being choose/clicked.
Button for adding is enabled unless the input matcher contains a value, so avoid the confusion of which data is gonna be added.

If no data is available to match, a text is shown.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Summarize

I have enjoyed doing this technical assignment, there is space for improvement but I consider that is decent and covering the aspects detailed on the test.

Hopefully you like it.

Thanks.
